Add a section on adding internal documentation (#9)
Iterable/how-we-work: pull-requests.md

documentation is an integral part of the development and code-writing process. Most PR's should have at least one of the following newly added or updated:

- Slab doc under the Service Documentation topic
- Explanatory Scaladocs or GQL annotations
- README.md or similar within the repo
- Public-facing docs (e.g. API docs, CS docs, or GQL annotations)
- Other docs (google docs if you must, but please link to it from the code)

To determine which kind of doc makes the most sense for your change, consider the viewpoint of a new engineer who needs to learn about what you've built.
Our main venues for internal documentation are Slab docs and Scaladoc. Scaladoc makes sense when you're describing the function of a class or method or parameter.
Slab docs make sense when you need to explain how a service works across multiple components.

## 3. Open the PR

* A PR is opened by the author(s) of the branch using the following format:
    `[ITBL-$JIRA] Succinct description of what the branch solves`
* The PR requester(s) fill out the template for the PR description.

## 4. Before you add Reviewers: Self-Review

> Put the PR in WIP. Go through the PR yourself and look over the code as if you were the reviewer. Fix obvious issues - unclear variable names, unneeded imports, running `sbt format`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put the PR in Draft Status. Go through the PR yourself and look over the code as if you were the reviewer. Fix obvious issues - unclear variable names, unneeded imports, running `sbt format`,
```
